improve researcher docs (#8)
deficollective/defiscan-v2: docs/researchers/getting-started.md

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "description": "DeFiDisco configuration for DeFi project filtering",
  "defiProjects": [
    "compound-v3",
    "uniswap-v2",
    "morpho",
    "lido",
    "liquity-v2"
    "euler-v2", <--- here
  ],
  "lastUpdated": "2026-01-09"
}

```

Then run:

```bash
l2b ui
```

**Troubleshooting ⚠️** 

> If the project does not show up in the local app, stop the app, run `pnpm l2bup` inside the `packages/config` folder, and restart the service.

## Discovery

Using 4 panels

- list
- nodes
- terminal
- config

You go through the discovered contracts (with list and nodes), see if there are missing links to other system relevant contracts, you mark contract as external if you find oracles/bridges/yield sources etc.

Then you adapt the `config.jsonc`, once you're satisfied to run another discovery episode, you select the terminal view and you press `Run discovery`.

## Permission Analysis

When you think you have the whole system mapped, choose the `Scan Permissions` button inside the terminal. This will allow you to select the contracts for which you want permissions to be analysed.

## Track Funds

> When you have a good overview of permissions, it's important to know what funds are under control with this permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a good overview of permissions, it's important to know what funds are under control of those permissions.
```
